hello it's my friend with another year
of you and this time I'm showing you
transformers 07 will be fast action
battlers frenzy so here he is in his
radio mode kind of like a change and
kind of like a replacement for Sam
within the first film I think so anyway
this button releases the disc it's just
a blade like as in the movie which is
then that is an ass talk I think is one
of the most complex fast action battlers
to transform what it say it's not that
complex um anyway too nice says frenzy
their frenzied 977 um we've got these
buttons and Decepticon symbol right
there two black one and you also have
the Decepticon symbol there on its side
which is a bit of a thing but that
that's for the robot bit speakers rig
detailed you can't really tell this
frenzy on the back there's no face
kibble which is nice and that's about it
anyway transforming you just swivel this
up well around like this and then on the
image this piece twist it until you can
see this piece with it and the angle is
on the box then what you want to do is
you want to split this thing this piece
all the way in and click them make sure
the head still facing the same way as
well and then what you want to do is you
want to or change this piece when I use
this piece and bring them down they
become his arms then just orange this
hold it down and there are your legs as
you can see then Justin Inge this
bring it down another your legs now for
the back you just want to lift these
pieces from the leg oh oh yeah yeah yeah
the this piece you just want to fold
down on this piece that's kind of still
connected you just want to fall down and
then just lift those up and connect them
into that into the back and this button
will make the disc soup as well so in a
minute there is legs it does have some
boughs balancing issues he's not
finished and if you want you can fold
this aerial down or have it up don't
really matter I prefer to have it down
will make you look more frenzied and
then just push this back piece and out
pops his face roll head face whatever
you wanna call it now this is very movie
accurate for a fast action but I think
it's pretty detailed actually it's one
of the most accurate fast action
battlers but i think has come out to the
film and if i if it was me you might be
able to but if i was looking at that
thinking wow that turns into a radio I
wouldn't have thought that from that
angle turned into a radio you know what
I mean it's a bit surprising but you may
articulation very good incredible crazy
poseable noni articulation book it's
called lower you could spend the
low-pass legs
there's a Decepticon symbol loose on
radio mode features to press this here
which becomes part speaker in radio mode
just push that and shoots the best clock
in the belt the disc just what's inside
the gap there stand him up it does have
a few standing issues so well is pretty
stable when you find that last ice cream
but yeah well a nice figure so there are
transformers Oh some movie fast action
Butler frenzy